# Project1
Part1-DueFridayNov15,11:59pm Low and medium-level functions for placing shapes on grid and scoring.
Part2-DueFridayNov22,11:59pm High-level problem solving and graphics.
Part3-DueTuesdayDec3,11:59pm Speciﬁcation updates and heuristic improvement.
Description Thepackingproblemisanimportantproblemintherealworld. CompanieslikeFedEx,UPS,andcontainershipping ﬁrms all equate efﬁcient packing with money. It is also very interesting to mathemeticians and computer scientists: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Packing_problems Finding a general and optimal solution is very difﬁcult, but as this project shows, we can solve limited versions of the problem with reasonable efﬁciency in reasonable time. You will be part of a coding team. Two thirds of your project grade will be based on the team project grade, whichincludesexecution,codingstyle,testing,andenhancements. Theteamgradewillbeapportionedamongteam members by the team, using a blind rating system where each team member rates the contributions of their peers.1 The ﬁnal third will be based on project questions given in the ﬁnal exam. Work on the project within your team only. Seek help and explanations from your team members, not from members of other teams. In particular, DO NOT communicate with another team or outside person about how they wrote a particular function or test. Feel free to send your code or thoughts to other members of your team, but not outside the team. Violations of this policy will be considered academic dishonesty (see the class web page). • For this project, you may work with zero, one, or two partners of your choosing. Submit your list of team members in the text box on Canvas for lab 10 if you haven’t done so already. • Writetestsforthefollowingfunctions,thenwritethefunctions(Youhavealreadywrittenmuchofthiscode!). Ten tests per function is probably a good minimum, but you’ll need more than that to test some well. I have givenyousomeverysimpleexamplesforsomefunctions,butyouneedtotestallfunctionsexceptgrid.print(). There are lots of boundary cases. See the professor if you are unable to think of good test cases. • Strategy: write tests ﬁrst, thinking about special cases that might break your code. Then write low-level functions that do not depend on other functions, and run your tests. Slowly work up to higher level functions. (Design goes the other direction, high-level ﬁrst, but this project has been designed for you.)
